we have here and it's that for the bun
has pronounced
[Music]
things straight I
want moves let's see I'm going to react
to an excerpt from Maika's live
today okay you just told me to
watch it around minute 55 no from
minute 55 on let's
see let's see what it's based on because if you
're telling me this
the situation seems delicate and risky and to
start saying something like that but oh well
come on kuchar I
miss you but I had to step aside I will
always always be grateful to you you
were my lifeline
don't like Andorra and neither do I like Switzerland
a kiss kiss I had to step aside well I don't
know why it will be but well I
was also apart for a week with this thing that I could
n't see and that I was having surgery and
so well let's see what
Mike said what are you telling me that it
's a super strong bombshell I'm going to
explain how to do it so that
the Iberdrola couple doesn't bombard me with
their judicial Diogenes hahaha come on Rocío
Juradó now  Maybe she's telling you
that she's going to apply it in a way that
they can't sue her. Well, once you sue, you
can always sue. Okay, she
sued me. They're taking Plana more. They were suing
Plana. In fact, we have a trial in
November, if I'm not mistaken. I don't know, being a
regular member, but for example,
Joan Plana sued me with her balls. Not
after calling me an abuser and a
bunch of other insults, like I deserved
any illness that would explode at me. I know
the illness. I don't know what I answered,
calling her an idiot.
In the middle, I sent her
how can I sue? Okay, another
thing is that even if everyone wins,
we knew what happened, the
accident, something is happening with the family, okay, they
blame Fidel Albiac. They
blame Fidel Albiac. Presumably,
this seems to be true. It seems to be true.
In the first case, she covered it. It's been told. It's been
told that she had just collected a
lot of money. She says
she says an exclusive that was in
the safe in the apartment.
This person has effectively confirmed to me
what I knew. If I had
read it in the press, this apartment,
if it wasn't Rocío Juradó's, she rented it and  I
paid Rocío Jurado, that is, Rocío
Juradó made Fidel Albiac from the house
because that house belonged to Rocío Juradó, if she did
n't own it,
she signed the rent and she
paid the rent, okay, and the first
document tells that there was
money in the house, but there was money in
the house, well, let's
see, well, he tells
this, this man tells me, but it's that
the health workers from October 12th also told me.
Well, what was being discussed at the
hospital, what Rocío Juradó was saying,
hey, look, Rocío Juradó told them, you have to
go to the house like crazy,
okay, and search it, look in the
safe, look everywhere
because we have to take something very important out of the house,
that Amador Mohedano
said something about some documents, about
something,
how would I say, about a
controversial thing, about something annoying because he had
just separated the day before yesterday from
Antonio David Flores, some documentation, what
happens is that Amador Mohedano
can't tell it openly,
I'm in the documents, that documents
a divorce petition  it's one thing it's
documentation that you have to have a
safe here there was a strange story
and the strange story is that as he
told me Amador Mohedano I can't talk
but I was in the car when we went
to Amador José Ortega Cano and Pedro to that
house I mean I lived it in first
person this person is a direct witness
who pays for it don't lose the thread it
refers to a person because Maika posted
a tweet this afternoon okay if I don't lose it it
refers to
a person let's read exactly
who it is
tonight it's going to get complicated an
important international artistic producer called me who
worked for many years
with Rocío Juradó and he told me what
happened at the 12 de Octubre hospital with
Fidel Albiac very strongly I'll tell you you're going
to freak out he plays well the house that
Rocío Juradó wanted them to take out
well let's see how I say it it seemed it
seemed supposedly allegedly well that
when they were in the car
they were invaded by some white powder
Pablo Escobar
there are people well who like it and talcum powder
Andorra la Vella okay substances
substances and of course evidently
the  Rocio Jurado shat herself, shat herself, you
know that back
then, I'm telling you in case you don't
know, I know it's been 20 years, but because oh
my God, they're
going to sue you for
this brand on the pork,
the small print, I don't see the small print, Mayca
Teba, the lawsuit is the same, they're
going to sue you the same, they're
going to sue you the same,
knowing how these are, they're not going to let this go through,
but I'm not understanding the issue well,
anyway, I mean, I had to run
to the augured one's house,
to the apartment, this one, no, that he had to
get something out of the way, but so that
who wouldn't see it, of course,
so that who wouldn't take it
and then it's public knowledge
that they didn't want Fidel, the one with the
milestones, that there were problems, that they actually threw them out of
the house, they ca
n't sue me, if they sue me, they
lose or not, let's see, they can sue you, they
can sue you and I think that you
're going to do it, I hope
I'm wrong, but I'm saying it
in a bad way,
but
other things that we have, people who
earn gold from stones, it's not that I do
n't want to give an opinion because this is, they
sue me  I'm also
right, they were so afraid,
the ones made here, a couple of balls,
the ones made and a couple of balls
to hear it in court
when you had an accident we're
talking about the year 2000, the
breathalyzer test was done but the
test for substances that influence
when driving, you already know Javi that they're
going to sue me there's a lot of fear
and fear is a bad advisor
but the thing is that they sue everything they don't care about
losing the lawsuit in everything
like there are people there are
people who sue you even knowing
that they're not going to win the lawsuits okay this is
what I'm going to tell you or no surprise
but this is how it is obviously it happened with
Pepe Navarro recently okay there are people
who sue you because you
always have to be careful
when you speak, you know what,
speaking is going to cost you money from
the lawyers in this case, from the
lawyers of the lawsuit of whatever it is and three
or four years that you have to be
fighting you know Avilés in balls
because I know how things can be told
nothing can happen to you if you
tell things well that I already know let's
see if he understands me
Tetris  being that
Joan Plana sued me after calling me an
abuser
after insulting me dozens and
I'm the one who wishes me the best the worst is
that I deserve any illness
that I abuse those around me
[Music]
that my wife uses as a punching bag and
when I answered him I said stupid
flat-screen encephalogram the guy is suing me and he
has the balls to sue a
hundred and something page lawsuit and at the end of the
lawsuit he tells you hey by the way
he's going to defend himself saying that I
said abuser but that I didn't
tell him what will it be in my opinion okay
then the lawsuit can you send me what I
want to tell you that what you're
telling me is that it doesn't worry you because the
desire
that they can't condemn you what
worries you the lawsuit
Marta Riesgo also told me that she was going
to sue me seven months later I'm still
waiting it's
imperative it's always the same
story but Mart Mike it
would seem very strong to me that he sues
you before before the other that the other
has said things to sue him strongly
there is that it was said in his day that
channels said that  they register that they
were sure that they had
sued him and they even said in the
magazine to vanitatis and in the end for the
moment maybe we don't know because
the other liar is a while who by the
way the other day I don't know well change your
mind with whom to collaborate and with whom not
but we were left here very disappointed
to see you with the other one okay
but marta riesgo doesn't have the money that she has she's
getting into marta risco
pp navarro for example what was
going on with pepe navarro pp navarro pp
navarro he sued everything
and what was the problem well since
he's very rich he doesn't care he
sues you already knowing that he's going to lose it and
that he's going to pay the costs but you've
been there for five or six years putting in your
air money in the meantime and based on what he
asks for you do you understand it's the money that
you are spending in the meantime for the
bar association which I hope he doesn't
sue you or rather us saying in a
way
that I would like them to send you and much
less that you know that I wish you the
best in the world and you are one of the
best  companions that I have in the world
of the heart that I wish who we go to I would be
outraged in fact if they did
I would be outraged in fact that they would sue you when they haven't sued the other one that he does have Paco so that they condemn them also because he has said things that are reprehensible and even has them still public and with titles that are defamatory I would be outraged if they would
sue okay but knowing
this so strong that he has released today
you understand
uff
if the lawsuit raises the hare is that
I believe that what
Mai is saying that
several media are going to echo you
know
about this is based on several media because it
is not the first time that Mike see Mike a
you have a lot of audience it is not a
channel
where they have
done interviews
[Music]
formulatv this month that by the way
congratulations
was in the ranking of the
most pizzas streamer girls next to my friend
begin the stars yuki idear and I believe that
and apart from the fact that they have echoed a lot of
news each Maika I believe that tomorrow
from here the media will echo
this this is not spoken or never not so
clear and  that clear not even insinuate ourselves
javi well wait in a month I'll launch
the website thank goodness I get
free lawyers yeah clear lawyers are
free what's not free the
attorney
the pointer does it for you he understands me that you don't have to
go in fear or rather me for
example you know that I don't usually go in fear
I'm not a person
that I'm not a person who goes in
fear because I know how to say things you
know mike I know how to say
things
I do a reality show with the trial with the
iberdrola couple
I would
go with you to the trial
honestly but let's go as long as they don't
sue you but the one I think is the
place
although lately they don't sue as much
but but because they don't take the
issue of the
youtube issue seriously they see it like the
ones on youtube they see it like
any user who is on facebook
writing something he understands as of
today they are not giving him
the characters or rather the chains and they know that they
are competitions but they don't give him the you
know
federico it's going to take zerocoma totally
federico tomorrow he is mentioning fact
federico it's going to take 0 faces
turning around in the  laugh
federico it to efe
federico bassi but lately
they sue us so much
money the same thanks a lot the last one
I remember they put was
yellow cards and look at the aim they
had
moral of this story studying
law before becoming youtube
tell me that to me acne would have
saved me some trouble javi I do
n't think this is about suing
youtubers because at most I would give them a thousand
euros in compensation
depending on the severity of what you say
[Music]
when they sue when when let's see when they
sue when
I because I read how they have
sued on a couple of occasions I
read a ton of
sentences and orders and lawsuits from
people in the heart
they when they sue ask for a lot okay
normally they start asking for 50 thousand 100
thousand okay
[Music]
but then the sentences obviously
for example to María Patiño María Patiño
look María Patiño lost a lawsuit yes the one that
Maxwell from memory María Patiño
lost a lawsuit that María
José Campanario filed against her and I think they sentenced her
to three thousand
no  I know if it's three thousand to six thousand but I think it's
great 3000 Kiko Hernandez also one around
three thousand five thousand Pepa Jimenez
Pepa Jimenez was insulted but in a way that was
a lot of insults daughter of a [ __ ] pig I do
n't know what in a lot of programs in
'intimate enemies' in sálvame in a
lot of programs okay but since she is
a person who lends herself to that type of
content and those media she
takes that into account too, know
then
after 10 years you can see this
Pepa Jimenez lost in the first
instance in 2nd and in the end she managed to
win in the supreme court 7 the money she
spent and the sentence for Telecinco was
two thousand euros and it cost her because she
couldn't work again at Telecinco
apart from everything they would like to
reach the supreme court because that money is not
the only one the biggest one that I've seen
was the sentence that they gave to
Matamoros
to Matamoros to Mila Ximenez I already think it
was Belén Esteban against  Carmen Lomaña
because they said well apart from telling them
security I don't know what I don't know how much
they said what that she
paid him
like she hired boyfriends
or rather the boyfriends she had were
paid that she hired him something like that they
said that it was like
and it was a lot
30,000 euros or something like that but the the
[Music]
then the big goal but they are the
companies for example Jesulín
Jesulín has managed to win
big sentences but because it has been against the
production company against the network okay
for sentences against the network they are
very big sentences but against
Gustavo González and Diego Arrabal
Mariló Montero has won the
best ones and they give 300 350 thousand euros because
well why
because it is a complaint to the agency
okay
then there was no technical material
developed to always detect it
but it can be detected in blood she
was [ __ ] herself she says lest it be
discovered that stranger was around this workshop
really really speaking clearly she is
an age I am like that she insinuated in several
programs of the time thanks to Pilar
Corazón then  he insinuated
really well what he just reminded me of
speaking clearly, damn but man,
hahahahaha we have that click, we have that
click, we have that clip but I don't know which
video I have it in,
Lydia Lozano,
Lydia Lozano had to collect more than one
hundred thousand euros in several lawsuits from
Fidel,
okay, but come on, she said some tremendous nonsense
like Fidel,
what was it that he said that the one who
touched the brakes of I don't
know who's car, damn it is that he was
crossing it almost as if it was homicide, it wasn't brutal
what Lydia Lozano said, you have to
see, you have to
see the things that they had
said too,
man, if you can, yes, there are things and you
can and one thing that is super strong
but he has something to support it, you
can say it, you know,
but but no,
who what it was, what it
was,
but there José María Franco, the famous
driver who said many things, Antonio
David Flores, and this is going to be a
scandal, a scandal of
stratospheric magnitudes, so we had to go to
the house to get the talcum powder and you go  you look for
the talcum powder and get it out of there okay because
if not there's going to be a big fuss here
this was the truth of what happened on
October 12th and that's why they blamed Fidel
Albiac because according to Fidelito's family
the day he was driving the
car he was responsible the other one it didn't matter if he
was
in a fog but the one driving the
car should be responsible
for both what one drinks and what one
consumes
and the responsible one is the one who drives
mari carmen thank you so much queen
mari carmen she always puts me super
thanks in almost all the videos but they
never post messages for the messages I
want to give my opinion whatever I want that I'm
always going to answer you
est and hamaikabat of balls they have
had
of the sailor of Maika
to drive a vehicle in conditions
and for this the family was holding him
responsible and when he goes
home he is not going to get documentation and he is
going to get Andorra la Vella
then he says when we got to the
house I told them that I did not want to go up obviously obviously
because you already
know that all this all  anything that has to
do with substances
constitutes a crime, that's
why Amador Mohedano doesn't want to
talk about it either because at the end of the day they
were the ones who went up to the house to look for him
and in some way everyone gets involved
there that it is prescribed yes but
they don't want to talk about it,
understandable but that they weren't going to
look for papers and he says yes I saw them take out
two or three papers and a package
that was like wrapped up it's
that paper and go look for papers on
May 15 and 9 which is very serious well I
think he's not insinuating it
I think I think he was saying it I do
n't know look I have balls I
have balls but I'm not going here I do
n't I wouldn't have gotten involved these days
and look I've been told
strong things about famous people
but I don't know
and there are times that there are times that you
mean
like I tell you when they try to
silence me no because there is someone who
tries to silence me with lawsuits no and it's
like out of balls I say look
send me every week if you want but you're
not going to silence me understand but
man there are things that I  that I know it's not
worth it you're being crystal clear he
's saying it
no longer he's insinuating it he's saying it
to the lawsuit
I think they're going to sue you
sincerely I hope I'm wrong one I was
wrong I don't wish you to get sued
but well I imagine that this man would be a
witness no
Lydia said that Fidel sent her a message
look if he has the brake fluid
when you get in the car yes that's what he
said is it true
that Fidel told Libia wow we have to
look for him on
Fadesa to look for corn he's on Twitter
please look for me that click that click was
tremendous and Rocío Carrasco called
Sálvame super nervous her
voice was shaking and she even gave the
idea of ​​​​rectifying
and Lydia got in the way of the turn she didn't
rectify and lost the lawsuit
and that she got into the car and I didn't want to
know anything else
so here is a pretty gruesome story
because Fidel Albiac
according to Rocío Carrasco although I
think not  it was the purpose was jose
maria franco went to the house and took
all the money this has been told by rocio
carrasco and he gives it to fidel albiac
and albiac pays him a sum of
money
supposedly for his services as a
driver and he says hey for now don't
come back because since I don't know if
rocio carrasco is going to die well if he dies we don't
need your services anymore this was the
bus and the being of light is shining and the rest of
the money in your pocket
if you take and they took something else from the apartment or a
second second
but no or where they have to give
thanks for being the way you are I
think he's calling you to do that
forgive me that I didn't hear him
the super chat to mari carrasco a
huge kiss daughter kiss me forgive me that they
had sent me something important no that I hadn't
finished either that I started
the mini of the video that we just uploaded
to the main page
and it was indicating there how I want them that I had
n't understood I
took all the money this has been told by
rocio carrasco and he gives it to fidel
to the trip the trip pays him a sum
of money supposedly for his
services
but I didn't know where they were supposed to go
so Fidel got to the house first and
took the money but he left the little
packet of flour for coating it's a little
strange no
no he's telling you to leave it or
no he's telling you that Rocío Juradó
was worried and urgently sent for a
good search of the house that's what I
understand
and he says to him hey for now don't come back
because since I don't know if Rocío Carrasco is going to die well if she
dies we no longer need
your services this was the bus and the light is shining
and the rest of the money in your
pocket
if you take and they took anything else from the floor of
the house I can't tell you but here is the
testimony of this man
this is exactly the truth of what
happened that famous day 12 man but
the colored chalks are very dangerous
well if we get closer we're getting
closer to the truth things are starting to fall into place
because the family blamed Fidel Albiac
because Rocío Juradó did it from the
house because nobody wanted Fidel Albiac it
's starting to fall into place after the accident
that  the accident happened that caused
such a huge rejection from the
family man everything is falling into place now and I'm
not just saying this for Andorra la
Vella I'm also saying this for the money
well it's coming out the
whole truth is coming out because they left
because they ran away beating the
100 meter dash Pedro Amador
everyone there to the house to get the one who
changed the locks they changed the lock because there was
that tension well
everything is falling into place well this is very different from
the story told by Rocío Carrasco
but of course I think that if this
had been told on the Dow it would
no longer be the best the good part of the
story
and the being of light lies and more lies
people we are getting closer to the truth
little by little and thank you very much to all the
people who are calling you see that
I tell the testimonies without giving or
going even half a clue so
that nobody confuses anyone
tomorrow morning another
chapter of Rocío Carrasco and the
conversations from beyond the grave will be released and I will
be here at ten o'clock at night it's
that wow wow  She's
got a couple of balls, bye,
a couple of balls, she's
got a couple of balls, Maika,
I like to hear it, that
's all I have to tell you.
[Music]